-*- restructuredtext -*-

#######################
ATT Development Program
#######################

Contact:

Meetings

Concerns
~~~~~~~~
Security, Credibility
Testing, security of data, protection against unintended
or unauthorized used.

Key Takeaways
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Increase 100% saturation
________________________
Everyone already has a cell phone.  "500% Saturation."


Increase revenue
________________

Specifically through applications and interoperability.


Decrease health costs
________________

They spent $6B on internal health costs, with revenue of
$12B.  Looking to decrease by *any* measurable amount.


Response
--------
Their main objectives are fairly well aligned, but may
need a little engagement to make it clear.

On 100% saturation, we are completely in agreement.
Access to ubiquitous network connectivity has some serious
advantages.

We foresee adapting a good portion of all existing meters
in active use.  I'm not sure how many, but 50% seems like
a reasonable random guess.

We also foresee re-using this technique on all sorts of
other devices.  Ranging from blood pressure monitors to
pedometers.

The application here consists of a network of
cloud-controllers, delegating access to resources,
updating resources, and managing internal data structures.
On the edge of the cloud are UI channels, including social
integration with facebook, twitter, tudiabetes, technical
channels for integration with google, indivo, etc.
channels including applications like glucosurfer.  On a
different hemisphere of the cloud there are channels for
data and control messages between the data warehouses in
the cloud with the logic that controls them and the
devices and *other legitimate cloud controllers*.

Follow Up
---------
Howdy Ryan,

Thanks for chatting with us.  We received the confirmation
code, but became a little confused when it asked us for
our credit card.  The UI is a little ambiguous... the
screens before the credit card aren't clear about how much
will be charged and when before asking for the credit
card.

https://att.m2m.com/devkit/ Advertises something for $199
https://att.m2m.com/cinterion/ is advertising for $999.

We've done some shopping, I believe we are settled on
something like http://www.sparkfun.com/products/9342 which
only costs $150.  I'm prepared to buy several of these,
which would exhaust most of our near term budget.

Unfortunately I suspect $1,000 is outside of our budget.
The credit card screen is ambiguous enough that I don't
feel comfortable continuing without a little clarification
on what charges will be incurred and when.

We believe our goals are well aligned with the three
objectives you laid out in our chat.  I imagine
equipping a sizeable percentage of existing glucose
meters with a cell module, and managing them through a
cloud-based controller.  An online dashboard presence
empowering users to share and interact with the data that
composes their daily narrative will build a very sticky
audience.  There are numerous business opportunities from
selling the devices, to selling advertising space in front
of an unusually fanatic audience.  While there are many
possibilities to explore, the most pressing matter at the
moment is developing a basic working prototype.

We have a unique moment this summer where we have several
people who can dedicate an unusually focused effort over
the next 6 weeks or so to develop a working prototype.
As it is, we'll probably end up ripping out our own SIM
cards to test with.

The initial version will be a basic proof of concept
showing successful adaptation of an existing meter
communicating with a cloud-based management dashboard.
This is the kind of software I do daily for work, and the
model can be enriched, extended, and repeated with other
kinds of devices: asthma medication, blood pressure cuffs,
to countless other devices.  At the heart of the idea is
that users of a medical device require a side-by-side
software simulation in order to correctly evaluate and the
real world experience using the device.  As wonderful as
many of these medical devices are, when a user visits the
doctor, the first question is "is the device working?"  It
turns out it's actually difficult to answer this question
without a rich narrative over time of the simulated and
expected operation of the device compared with
observations and analysis of the device's logs.  In order
for any application to provide low-maintenance auditing of
therapy, the system will need to aggregate the data
without user intervention.  Using SMS to transmit
cryptographically sealed messages verified for intent will
allow our system to provide a real time comparison of
expected medical device behavior to what the user actually
experiences.  This will lead to better decision making, and
lower the barrier to communicating therapy data to
doctors.  We're targeting diabetic blood glucose meters
because of my overwhelming experience with them, and their
availability.  From there we'll expand to modeling both
the entire metabolic system, which will be useful to
anyone trying to manage their weight, to collecting data
from many kinds of devices including scales.  We believe
our approach will allow us to forego any FDA testing,
since we are merely aggregating logs from devices that are
already in the wild, having been tested.

We are eager to join a development program, especially one
that would equip us with activated SIM cards for testing.
Interoperability and data ubiquity are important guiding
principles for us.  It is an embarrassment to the
established industry players that they have chosen to
ignore the opportunities for innovation in this area.
We've heard that projects that line up well with ATT's
goals often get some help, especially when it comes to
budget issues.  Regardless, I'd love to hear back with
some clarification about the structure of the program.

Sincerely,
-bewest


  Ben West
  4521 17th St. Apt 5
  San Francisco, CA 94114


#####
# EOF
